Add Session 4 and 10 exercises. (#9)
Lumi-supercomputer/Getting_Started_with_AI_workshop: 10_Extreme_scale_AI/reference_solution/README.md

export NCCL_SOCKET_IFNAME=hsn0,hsn1,hsn2,hsn3
export NCCL_NET_GDR_LEVEL=PHB

# Tell MIOpen where to store its cache
export MIOPEN_USER_DB_PATH="/tmp/$(whoami)-miopen-cache-\$SLURM_NODEID"
export MIOPEN_CUSTOM_CACHE_DIR=\$MIOPEN_USER_DB_PATH

if [ \$SLURM_LOCALID -eq 0 ] ; then
  rm -rf \$MIOPEN_USER_DB_PATH
  mkdir -p \$MIOPEN_USER_DB_PATH    
else
  sleep 2
fi

# export NCCL_DEBUG=INFO 
# export NCCL_DEBUG_SUBSYS=INIT,COLL
# export NCCL_DEBUG_FILE=/tmp/$(whoami)-rccl-rank\$SLURM_PROCID.txt

# Translate SLURM environment 

export MASTER_PORT=25900
export WORLD_SIZE=\$SLURM_NPROCS
export LOCAL_WORLD_SIZE=8
export RANK=\$SLURM_PROCID
export LOCAL_RANK=\$SLURM_LOCALID

set -x

# Run application
eval "\$@"

EOF
chmod +x run.sh
```

Let's take a look on what is going on here from top to bottom:
* We leverage the `taskset` tool to report the affinity of the current process. This allows us to verify we are getting the affinity we expect.
* Then, we report the GPUs available using rocm-smi. This is a smoke test that the GPUs are up and running. We do this only for the first rank in a node - that rank will have `SLURM_LOCALID` set to `0`.

> * Then, we settup our conda environment as well as a fewother environment variables to control the Pytorch and HuggingFace caches for our application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Then, we setup our conda environment as well as a few other environment variables to control the Pytorch and HuggingFace caches for our application.
```
